chore: improve minimal reproduction guide and reproduction:needed comment (#15397)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/minimal-reproductions.md

# About minimal reproductions

We may ask you to create a "minimal reproduction" repository to help us fix bugs or work on a feature.

This document explains why we need a minimal reproduction, why we won't use your production repository to debug, and how to create a good minimal reproduction.

> ## Help yourself by creating a minimal reproduction

Reviewer: Maybe not here

> ## Help yourself by creating a minimal reproduction

Author: I've created an issue to track this idea, see #15446.

A minimal reproduction helps us to:

- Fix your bug faster
- Work on your feature request faster
- Confirm the cause of the behavior

It's fastest if you - as the bug reporter or feature requester - create the reproduction.

## How the Renovate developers use your minimal reproduction

> TODO: `@rarkins` should fill out this section.

Author: @rarkins Can you please suggest a text that explains how the Renovate developers use the minimal reproduction?

> TODO: `@rarkins` should fill out this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first benefit of a public reproduction is to prove that the problem is not caused by your environment or by a setting you left out of your description, thinking it wasn't relevant.
If there were any doubts about whether you'd found a genuine problem before, they are usually removed once a reproduction is made.

Next, when a reproduction has minimal config, it can often let us narrow down or even identify the root cause, suggest workarounds, etc.
This means we can often help you from code inspection alone.

Finally, by making the code/dependencies minimal, it usually makes the problem feasible to step through using a debugging if code inspection wasn't sufficient.
Production repositories or non-minimal reproductions are often very difficult to debug because break points get triggered dozens or hundreds or times.
```

If you can, use GitHub to host your reproduction.
If the reproduction needs to be on GitLab or Bitbucket, that's also okay.

## Creating a minimal reproduction

There are two ways to create a minimal reproduction:

- Start with an empty repository and copy files from your production repository
- Start with a fork of your production repository and remove files and config

General steps:

1. Create your minimal reproduction repository on GitHub, only use GitLab or Bitbucket if really needed
1. Use the fewest number of repository files and dependencies
1. Reduce the Renovate config to a minimum
1. Remove private or secret information
1. Create a `readme.md` file that explains the current behavior and expected behavior
1. Set the repository visibility to `public`
1. Give us the link to the repository

### Why we won't use your production repository to debug

You may think:

> Why do you even need a minimal reproduction?
> I already have the reproduction on my production repository and it's public.
> Why not use that to debug?

A production repository usually has:

- many dependencies
- many custom rules in the Renovate configuration file
- many files that are not relevant

> Having lots of "moving parts" makes debugging tricky, because debug statements can be triggered hundreds of times.

Author: ```suggestion
Having lots of "moving parts" makes debugging tricky, because debug break points can be triggered hundreds of times.
```

Should it be `break points` or `debug statements`? You used `break points` in the suggested text.
